feat(panel): Step to assign customer owner when creating a new customer (#316)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.customers.md

With meshcloud you can easily create customer accounts.

1. Login to the meshPanel with your partner credentials.
2. If not logged in, please login with your Partner account credentials.
3. On the Welcome Dashboard, please make sure that you have selected your Partner account in the account selection on the top left.
4. Select **Administration** from the toolbox and go to **Customers** in the menu bar on the left.

> 5. There is a button `+ Create Customer` on the top-right side of the toolbar. After clicking the button, a dialog box will get open for entering a new managed customer's name, identifier, and owner user. Customer owner user has all the access. The other owner can be added from the Account area - Access Control page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. There is a button `+ Create Customer` on the top-right side of the toolbar. After clicking the button, a dialog box will open and prompt for entering the name and identifier of the new customers as well as the user who owns the customer. An additional owner may be added in the Account area - Access Control page.
```
